
The Government Information Center
Home
A-Z Index
Organizations
Gov Forms
About Us
GovSMS
DownloadsGIC Manual TemplatesSinhala Template
English Template
Tamil Template
GIC Annual ReportsGIC Annual Report 2009
Outcome Evaluation Report of GIC 2010
GIC Annual Report 2013
Call Center StatisticsYear 2011 / 2012
Monthly PerformanceProgress - January to April 2013
October 2013
November 2013
December 2013
GIC Web Statistics2013
Right to Information ActRTI ENG
RTI SIN
RTI TAM
GalleryPicture Gallery
Video Gallery
Audio Gallery
Help
YOU ARE HERE:
Home  Other Government Organizations  National Productivity Secretariat
National Productivity Secretariat
Normal
0
false
false
false
EN-US
X-NONE
TA
MicrosoftInternetExplorer4
/* Style Definitions */
table.MsoNormalTable
{mso-style-name:"Table Normal";
mso-tstyle-rowband-size:0;
mso-tstyle-colband-size:0;
mso-style-noshow:yes;
mso-style-priority:99;
mso-style-qformat:yes;
mso-style-parent:"";
mso-padding-alt:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;
mso-para-margin:0in;
mso-para-margin-bottom:.0001pt;
mso-pagination:widow-orphan;
font-size:11.0pt;
font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";
mso-ascii-font-family:Calibri;
mso-ascii-theme-font:minor-latin;
mso-fareast-font-family:"Times New Roman";
mso-fareast-theme-font:minor-fareast;
mso-hansi-font-family:Calibri;
mso-hansi-theme-font:minor-latin;
mso-bidi-font-family:Latha;
mso-bidi-theme-font:minor-bidi;}
10th floor,
Sethsiripaya Second Stage,
BattaramullaHead of the Organization DirectorMr. W.M.D.S GunarathnaContact : Contact PersonMrs. Thanuja DilrukshiDesignation : Productivity Development AssistantTel : General InformationTelephones : +94 11 2 186031Fax Nos : +94 11 2 186025Email : nposl@nps.lkWebsite : www.productivity.gov.lkOther Office Details:
Name
Designation
Direct Number
E-mail
Mr. W.M.D.S.Gunarathna
Deputy Director
suranga@nps.lk
Mr. B.A.A.D.Subasinghe
Ass.Director
-
Productivity Development Assistance
Name
Telephone
E-mail
1.W.N.K.Somarathna
2. R.M.S.R. Gunawardhana
3. K.R.K. Kankanamge
4. G.P. Indeewari
5. S.D. Jayasingha
6. S. Pubudu Priyadhrshana
7.H.G.P. Thanuja Dilrukshi
8. Jeewamali Perera
9. Mekala D. Fernando
10. P.A.K. Disanayaka
11. R.H.A. Perera
12. M.M.C.J. Gunaratna
13. K.Nihal Kumara
14. D.D.D. Gayani
15. T.S.D. Fernando
16K.A.L.P. Kariyapperuma
17.Isha Rathnakamal Sanief
18.J.A.L.M. Jayasekara
19.Krishanthi Amarasingha
nilmimi@nps.lk
shanaka_gunawardhana@yahoo.com
kamalk12003@yahoo.com
punyaindeewari@yahoo.com
saman@nps.lk
-
thanuja@nps.lk
jeewa@nps.lk
mekala@nps.lk
pradeepa@nps.lk
ashoka@nps.lk
chamila@nps.lk
-
dinesha@nps.lk
shyama@nps.lk
lasantha@nps.lk
isha@nps.lk
jayani@nps.lk
krishanth@nps.lk
1.1 Vision
To enable Sri Lanka to face the International Competitiveness through the promotion of productivity and certificate to the National Development and enhancing standard of life.
1.2 Mission
To be the centre of Excellence in Productivity Promotion in Sri Lanka
1.3 Background
The National Productivity Secretariat (NPS) was established under the Ministry of Labour Relation &amp; Manpower after transferring its function from Ministry of Industries in 2005. Since 2002, The National Productivity Secretariat has started launching its functions under four main streams. Namely, Productivity improvement of the public sector, Productivity improvement of the private sector, Productivity Improvement of the Community Level.
In addition, NPS is the body of coordinating and implementing activities of Asian Productivity Organization. ?The Main functions of the NPS are creating a culture of Productivity disseminating the knowledge or Productivity to every sector in the county. Assid Improving Productivity in all sector in Sri Lanka normally public sector, School sector and community level.
NPS uses unions’ methodologies to disseminate knowledge on productivity and make every citizen aware on productivity concepts. Some of them are training programs, workshops, demonstration projects, Video and TV programs, publications etc, Further; NPS has very strong links with Asian Productivity Organization in Japan. After establishment of NPS UNDER THE Ministry of Labour Relation and Manpower, the relation between NPS and APO has been strengthen further, Under the APO Productivity Promotion Program. Sri Lanka gets member of training opportunities. Hence, NPS has been able to expand its activities in wider scale. Having assistance concepts &amp; tools. This would lead to improve the Productivity in every sector in Sri Lanka.
1.4 Objectives of the National Productivity Secretariat
1. To encourage the development and improvement of the nation’s labour force to improve international competitiveness.
2. To contribute towards increased individual productivity through innovative approaches to labour management relations at enterprises level and within the public sector.
3. To initiate reforms of those aspects of the nations legal frame work including public service rules and regulations that impede productivity growth.
4. To coordinate the nation’s productivity enhancement of such efforts and provide focus on productivity programme.
5. To contribute toward improved resource management in both public and private sectors.
6. To establish National Productivity Standards and targets taking in to account of the different circumstance in various sectors and industries.
7. To raise awareness of the society at large on the nature of Productivity and the importance of productivity improvement to individual well being and national progress.
8. To assess new policy initiatives of the government Ministries and agencies, with a view to advertising on their policy adjustments require for the maximum compatibility with the productivity movement.
Services Offered:   National Productivity Award Ceremony-Annual basis   Conducting poster Art Competition   Conducting Quality Circles Competitions   Training and awareness Programme
Page Last Updated Date :2014-06-03 16:41:51
Contact Us
Digital Intermediary Services
&nbsp;
&raquo;
Grama Niladari
&nbsp;
&raquo;
Grama Niladari-->
&nbsp;
&raquo;
Medical Health Officer
-->
&nbsp;
&raquo;
Medical Health Officer
&nbsp;
&raquo;
Public Health Inspector
&nbsp;
&raquo;
Public Health Midwife
&nbsp;
&raquo;
Police Station
-->
»
Train Schedule
»
Find More e-Services
Most Popular
1) Obtaining a New Identity Card2) Reservation of Seats  in Trains3) Obtaining a New Driving License4) Registration of Transfer of Motor Vehicle5) Obtain a Certified Copy of the Certificate of Marriage1) Obtaining a New Identity Card2) Reservation of Seats  in Trains3) Obtaining a New Driving License4) Registration of Transfer of Motor Vehicle5) Obtain a Certified Copy of the Certificate of Marriage1) Obtaining a New Identity Card2) Reservation of Seats  in Trains3) Obtaining a New Driving License4) Registration of Transfer of Motor Vehicle5) Obtain a Certified Copy of the Certificate of Marriage1) Obtaining a New Identity Card2) Reservation of Seats  in Trains3) Obtaining a New Driving License4) Registration of Transfer of Motor Vehicle5) Obtain a Certified Copy of the Certificate of Marriage1) Obtaining a New Identity Card2) Reservation of Seats  in Trains3) Obtaining a New Driving License4) Registration of Transfer of Motor Vehicle5) Obtain a Certified Copy of the Certificate of Marriage
What's New
Regional DevelopmentBusiness Library ServiceExport Oriented Enterprise Development
Stay Connected
Last Update : 2018-06-19
Number of visitors:Online Now   : 103
The Government Information Center
HELP   CONTACT US
© COPYRIGHT 2009 GIC (ALL RIGHTS RESERVED)DEVELOPED IN ASSOCIATION WITH ICTA

